The lord owns the estate.
The lord likes to eat meat.
The lord has debt at the bank.
The lord has a gambling problem.
The lord has a yellow Peugeot car.
The estate is called Blackwood Mansion.
The estate is 150 years old.
The estate has a basement.
The estate has a garage.
The estate has a large garden.
The estate has a guesthouse for guests who stay the night.
There is a shed in the garden.
The shed is filled with gardening tools.
The shed can only be accessed by the gardener, the butler and the lord.
The lady is married to the lord.
The lady likes wearing fancy dresses.
The lady is vegetarian.
The lady has a personal feud with the chef.
The butler is employed by the lord.
The butler is 70 years old.
The butler is always scolding the gardener for having too many breaks.
The butler is very protective of his niece.
The maid is employed by the lord.
The maid is 25 years old.
The maid is the newest employee in the estate.
The maid assists the lady with the household.
The maid is the niece of the butler.
The maid is allergic to nuts.
The chef is employed by the lord.
The chef is specialised in cooking pasta with meatballs.
The chef has an alcohol problem.
The chef does not have a drivers license.
The chef stores the supplies in the basement.
The gardener is employed by the lord.
The gardener works in the garden.
The gardener works with the tools in the shed.
The gardener is sick today and didn't come to work.
The gardener is the cousin of the chef.
The gardener always chews cherry bubblegum.
The gardener drives the chef to work.
The gardener owns a gray Audi car.
The chaffeur is employed by the lord.
The chaffeur takes care of the car.
The chaffeur drives the lord to his appointments.
The chaffeur is a recovering alcoholic.
The supplier brings food to the estate on a weekly basis.
The supplier has only contact with the chef.
The supplier is being paid by the lord.
The supplier sometimes smokes a cigarette with the gardener.
The guest was invited by the lord.
The guest is employed by the bank.
The guest has an affair with the maid.
The guest was murdered with a shovel.
The dead body of the guest was found in the garden.